Carlos/open street map sample (#1606)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-dotnet-samples: src/MAUI/Maui.Samples/Samples/Layers/OpenStreetMapLayer/readme.md

## Additional information

> ArcGIS Maps SDK OpenStreetMap Styles is deprecated and will be retired in 2030. The last release will be ArcGIS Maps SDK 200.8, in Q3 2025. For more information, see the deprecation announcement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenStreetMap basemap styles has been deprecated with the release of ArcGIS Maps SDK 200.8.
```

Reviewer: @pMaske @mbranscomb thoughts on this wording?
